hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2016 action movie
nerve
starring emma roberts and dave franco
warning spoilers ahead
venus v
is a high school senior and eager to
spread her wings and leave staten island
her friend sydney sid mentions a game
called nerve that is about to launch for
the next 24 hours
the game involves watchers and players
the players are given dares to do in
exchange for money while the watchers
pay to watch everything happen
sid has signed on to play and encourages
v to join her but she declines
at school v joins her friends tommy live
and wes at a pep rally
sid gives liv her phone to record her
dare
she joins her fellow cheerleaders and
moons the entire school
her dare is complete
sid keeps trying to get v to join nerves
since v never takes risks
they see these crush jp sitting with his
buddies
sid decides to go over and talk to jp
for her
she asks him if he would be interested
in going out with v but jp says she's
not his type
upset v leaves and goes home
she decides to sign up as a nerve player
and is told the rules dares must be
recorded on the player's phones and if
they bail or fail they lose their money
also snitches get stitches
v calls tommy to take her to a diner for
her first air kiss a stranger for five
seconds
at the diner she meets and kisses ian
who dances and sings to v revealing he's
another player on a dare
the watchers dare ian to take her into
manhattan on his motorcycle
although uncertain at first v joins ian
on his motorcycle leaving tommy behind
in manhattan they are dared to try on
expensive clothes
when they go back into their dressing
rooms they find their street clothes are
stolen
the next dare for both of them is to
leave the store in their underwear
returning to ian's motorbike they find
the expensive clothes for them to keep
a player named ty passes them and
comments on their dares
tommy gets in touch with his hacker
friend azar
she sends him a code for access to a
site on which tommy discovers past
videos of ian playing nerve a year
earlier
v is dared to get a tattoo and ian is
dared to ride his motorbike through the
city blindfolded at 60 miles per hour
using v to steer his body
once completed the two kiss and become
among nerf's top players
v's mom nancy notices that money is
being transferred into her and v's joint
account
she calls tommy to ask what's going on
tommy unable to snitch says v got a job
and is having money transferred to her
account
jealous of these popularity a drunk sid
accepts a dare at a party to cross a
ladder between two buildings
midway through the cross syd panics and
bales eliminating her from the game
v and ian arrive at the party
sid takes the chance to call v out
leading to a fight between them leaving
sid humiliated
v decides to complete sid's dare and she
walks across the ladder almost
effortlessly
v then learns from tommy that ian was
dared to go to the party to get v and
sid to fight
angered v decides to tell a cop about
nerve but he does nothing
nancy then calls v and says all the
money in their account has been taken
now alone v comes across tai who says he
has to win the game and knocks her out
v wakes up in a container with snitches
get stitches on the wall
she escapes and finds ian who confesses
that he and ty were players whose friend
was killed in a dare
ian and tai went to the cops but nerve
ruined their lives and took away his
money and his father's job
the three are now prisoners of the game
v meets up with tommy and sid and
reconciles with both
she asks them to help her take down
nerve
v
tommy and sid recruit tommy's hacker
friends to alter the game's online code
but it is impossible to simply shut down
nerve as all the watchers phones act as
a distributed server
v and e ian make it to an arena for the
final round
the dare involves v and ian having to
shoot each other
ian tells v to shoot him so she can win
v refuses
tai appears and says he will shoot one
of them
v decides to take the shot over ian
as everyone records she calls everyone
out on wanting to watch someone die for
the sake of their entertainment
nerve then decides to put v's life to a
vote
the majority votes yes for her to get
shot
ty fires the gun and v goes down in
ian's arms
just then tommy and his hackers modify
nerve source code to decrypt the
watcher's code names and send them all a
message you are an accessory to murder
all watchers immediately log out closing
down the game's servers and effectively
ending it
ian aims his gun at ty and v suddenly
sits up revealing that she and ty had
staged her murder to scare the watchers
into disbanding nerve
ian reveals to v that his real name is
sam
they share a kiss as the sun rises on a
new day
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time